rocfft: fix C2C plan creation failure with non-contiguous strides (#2817)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocfft/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed result scaling on multi-device transforms.
* Fixed callbacks on single-process multi-GPU transforms.
* Fixed potential issue with data generation for multidimensional transforms in rocfft-tests and rocfft-bench.

> * Fixed potential failure to create complex-complex FFT plans with non-contiguous strides on multiple dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue that sometimes blocked complex-to-complex FFT plan creation when using noncontiguous strides in multiple dimensions.
```
